update for ipex gpu release (#2118)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/intel_extension_for_pytorch.rst

       std::vector<torch::jit::IValue> inputs;
       // make sure input data are converted to channels last format
       inputs.push_back(torch::ones({1, 3, 224, 224}).to(c10::MemoryFormat::ChannelsLast));

       at::Tensor output = module.forward(inputs).toTensor();

       return 0;
   }

**CMakeLists.txt**

::

   cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.0 FATAL_ERROR)
   project(example-app)

   find_package(intel_ext_pt_cpu REQUIRED)

   add_executable(example-app example-app.cpp)
   target_link_libraries(example-app "${TORCH_LIBRARIES}")

   set_property(TARGET example-app PROPERTY CXX_STANDARD 14)

**Command for compilation**

::

   $ cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=<LIBPYTORCH_PATH> ..
   $ make

> If Found INTEL_EXT_PT_CPU is shown as TRUE, the extension had been linked into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Found `INTEL_EXT_PT_CPU` is shown as `TRUE`, the extension had been linked into
```

Should Found be uppercase?

> the binary. This can be verified with Linux command ldd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the binary. This can be verified with the Linux command `ldd`.
```

   -- Performing Test CMAKE_HAVE_LIBC_PTHREAD - Failed
   -- Looking for pthread_create in pthreads
   -- Looking for pthread_create in pthreads - not found
   -- Looking for pthread_create in pthread
   -- Looking for pthread_create in pthread - found
   -- Found Threads: TRUE
   -- Found Torch: /workspace/libtorch/lib/libtorch.so
   -- Found INTEL_EXT_PT_CPU: TRUE
   -- Configuring done
   -- Generating done
   -- Build files have been written to: /workspace/build

   $ ldd example-app
           ...
           libtorch.so => /workspace/libtorch/lib/libtorch.so (0x00007f3cf98e0000)
           libc10.so => /workspace/libtorch/lib/libc10.so (0x00007f3cf985a000)
           libintel-ext-pt-cpu.so => /workspace/libtorch/lib/libintel-ext-pt-cpu.so (0x00007f3cf70fc000)
           libtorch_cpu.so => /workspace/libtorch/lib/libtorch_cpu.so (0x00007f3ce16ac000)
           ...
           libdnnl_graph.so.0 => /workspace/libtorch/lib/libdnnl_graph.so.0 (0x00007f3cde954000)
           ...

Model Zoo (CPU only)
--------------------

Use cases that had already been optimized by Intel engineers are available at
`Model Zoo for Intel® Architecture <https://github.com/IntelAI/models/>`_ (with

> branch name in format of `pytorch-r<version>-models`). A bunch of PyTorch use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the branch name in format of `pytorch-r<version>-models`). Many PyTorch use
```

cases for benchmarking are also available on the GitHub page. You can get

> performance benefits out-of-box by simply running scipts in the Model Zoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performance benefits out-of-the-box by simply running scripts in the Model Zoo.
```

Tutorials
---------

> More detailed tutorials are available at Github.io for `CPU <https://intel.github.io/intel-extension-for-pytorch/cpu/latest/>`_

Reviewer: Should it say something like this:
```
are available in the official Intel® Extension for PyTorch* Documentation: 

* `CPU tutorials <https://intel.github.io/intel-extension-for-pytorch/cpu/latest/>`__ 
* `GPU tutorials <https://intel.github.io/intel-extension-for-pytorch/xpu/latest/>`__
```
